what is going on guys to Mexican
sneakerheads be in the video so I Dixie
on expiry all I came in for the easy
foamposites if it wasn't for Nike man
wouldn't have been having this chance
again I want to thank you from the
bottom of my heart man for giving me a
second opportunity to cop these easy
foamposites I mean I know I fucked up
the first time but mainly thank you like
I really appreciate it so much so let's
see how it goes for this on press
release so we are loud like one minute
away for this thing to drop so what I'm
gonna do is I'm my search or foamposite
and on this one I got the style code and
right here I got the Twitter so oh we
out see how it goes right now it's not
coming up come on Ike come on nike don't
valley I want these foamposites man oh
they tweeted it it's going down guys is
going down it's really going down right
now thank you Mike for the second chance
as I mentioned Thank You nike man you
got to go to this verification got the
flowers damn fast is a bar right now man
I ain't coming at me man come at me your
thoughts as a but right now no funny
shit so let's see how it goes we waiting
our turn well as fast as a bottom man
you saw that speed and speeding that
action me I you're not ready so let's
see how it goes man hopefully you get
this paid on a cart it's my size in line
freakin sexy shoe right here the glowing
these are crazy man tiny human shit
thank your night for the second chance
come on you want my car man you know you
want to go on my card you know you won't
go on my card
damn i can either way if i don't get
into my car man thank you for the second
opportunity man seriously i love is done
yay i live it down the first time we
already did so man I think he's not
going in my cart man for some reason why
not to get mad now come on she's going
come on I just going man you know I'm
not to check for the restock man cuz
80db print shit maybe doing some crazy
sure nike on some shit so they probably
violated with the restocking with no
there's no restock I'm really looking
forward to get those Royer's man there's
no there's no restock so come on man
come on Ike don't violate let me get
these in my car man I thought fast as a
pot for real thoughts fast as a pot
guess I wasn't man damn Mike what is
going on what's going you going to do me
dirty like that night and people
probably checking now right now checking
now right now you know they'd be happy
to got their pay come on you call my car
you know I know you want to you know you
want to nike team night are you really
volley yeah you got to do me dirty again
like like last Saturday man shit fucking
man I'll see how it is like see how it
is come on man just call my cart
now I've been waiting for too long
waiting for too long right here this
thing is trying to get it's trying to
get a little bit disappointment right
now think it's disappointing me right
now come on night if I get these shoes
man I'm be hype i'm really going to be
height so let me just get these shoes i
mean if you don't want to give me any
shoes I just give me the roys whenever
stock that'll make me happy but in the
meantime let me get the EDD foamposites
come on Ike come on night
through Gaga all naughty nike stores
slacking on me man playing with me I
know I know I know what's wrong with the
man talks fast man I pretty I was pretty
slow i guess i don't know but dishes
ain't going in my cart I could feel it
man if you do go on my car man i'll be
happy but in the meantime I'm feeling
like these not gonna go my current so
not the same man sting just left me
speak to this man I started off on a
hike w know she's thinking I was going
to these easy foamposites man and now
it's like I'm disappointed now my MA my
emotions and everything came down not
that hyper one man Sting's got me tight
so I was thinking about going to a party
later but now now fuck the party is
gonna be tight I'm not a party moon
normal so yeah me damn I you you really
just let me just play me right there man
night making me skip my party man these
emotions man i'm not a party Munem oil
for real you know fuck this man shit
like you really really playing right now
night so you better some people was able
to come without a doubt you know party
of those spots but I doubted the box the
bass is not it's not it's not ready for
those verification images whatever
things are my like who knows the party /
/ dead end she overcame the image
verifications so like I know you Demi 30
on this one
so i guess i can get this sneaker man
sherry failed man i thought was going to
be the second the second one was going
to be the calm back when i actually get
these fucking easy phone but i guess i
guess nobody did it on purpose many so
my streak was going on and digging my
second chance to be happy about the
streak night and then very easily but
see see how it is night well thanks for
watching guys it succeeds this thing is
not going to my car mel and i was going
on if I do get them my car man I put on
a description right now but for now as
you see his way in my turn it's ready
707 I dollar get these so I'm be waiting
here patiently man and if anything I put
on twitter imax nigga head if I take it
these in my car if not then you know I
didn't get them so yeah thanks for
watching guys set up in the mexican
snakehead fish cry like and comment took
me on instagram and twitter and i'm out
and peace